This is a guide to shopify theme development.
It is meant to outline the process in detail of what
it took me to develop my first shopify theme.

This theme will reflect a business attire ecommerce website.
Implementing shopify cli and liquid template.

Step 1:
Download Theme Kit:watches files for changes and syncs them with shopify.

Windows:Install theme kit with Chocolatey.
choco install themekit

Step 2:
Use the Theme Access app to obtain a Theme password to connect Theme Kit to your store and manage your template files.
Theme Access app
https://shopify.dev/docs/themes/tools/theme-access

Note: Uploading products to the product section via csv
seems simple. It seems you can browse products to upload.

Step 3: Add to both the product section and collection section.
Step 4:Create subfolders: A theme is made up of 7 folders
--assets(images,styles,javascript)files
--config(global theme settings(settings_schema.json))
--layout(theme.liquid)can hold other .liquid files but theme.liquid file is required.
--locales(holds translations)Will automatically translate store language when being used in another language.
--sections
--snippets
--templates
----
File general storage
layout folder-theme.liquid

Issue: Trouble connecting to different stores.

Resolution: Install theme kit access key to that specific store.This was done through the settings of the selected store. 
 ---theme configure -s store.myshopify.com -t (theme id number) -p (access key generated by theme kit access)---

 --Theme id number can be found in browser
 Upon successful connection a --config.yml-- package will be generated.
 --config.yml--file instructs theme kit which store to upload the changes to.
 
 Issue:theme watch --command
 Without using the proper flag a "cannot make changes to live theme without an override" error appears.

Resolution:-- theme watch --allow-live (flag)
This will allow theme kit to watch for changes to live theme.
If installed correctly, updates will be automatically applied to your shopify store.

step 5. Add index.liquid file to template folder.
This will generate original test message.